{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 6/29/2020:\
Worked on hypothesis; Fixed msat  & mtDNA\
\
6/30/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity.\
\
7/1/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Completed main graphs comparing the four factors to He. Currently working through t-Tests\
\
7/2/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Completed t-Tests, Wilcoxon Tests, & Shapiro tests for both mtDNA and msat data. Adding more detailed comments and trying to find more ways to analyze data. \
\
7/3/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Completed most t-tests for both mtDNA and msat data. Need to complete t-tests for hermaphrodite types. Fixed all mistakes in previous script. Switched x- and y-axis for scatter plots. \
\
\
7/6/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Completed t-tests, and ANOVE tests for both mtDNA and msat data.  Created another scatter plot that excluded the Rhincodon typus for a better view of the data. Added on to my hypothesis. Did more reading to get further information on the project. \
\
\
7/7/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Completed the comparison box plots. Need to finish comparison scatter plots. Include Dioecious in Specific Reproduction Modes. Added regression line equation. \
\
7/8/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Completed the comparison scatter plots that also show the regression lines and equations for each . Fixed the format fo the box plots and Anova tests. Created the Powerpoint presentation for the current data collected. Worked on the lab paper for this project. \
\
\
7/9/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Fixed all scatter plots (have a log transformation for x axis). Discussed next steps for the project. Added to my lab paper.\
\
7/10/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Fixed all scatter plots\'92 log transformation. Tweaked aspects of other plots (fixed x-axis labels in specific reproduction modes for combined markers; made regression lines more visible in the plots). Added to my lab paper. Currently creating the code to allow for binomial statistical models. \
\
\
7/13/2020:\
Worked on analysis; focused on fertilization, reproduction mode, body length, & fecundity. Figuring out how to do a glm on my data, focusing on max length currently. }