{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18260\viewh5840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Notes:\
\
Date: 5/25/2020\
James Thorburn et. al. (2018) Aquatic Conserv: Mar Freshw Ecosyst. 2018;28:1167\'961180 ; Data for n (population) and He includes FS relationship. Data for n and He excluding FS relationship vary by very little from the data I plotted so I chose not to include the data. I also did not include data that were not in HWE. This goes as following: loci DF T289, SACA 6396, DF J451, DF J445, and SACA 3853. If I were to remove the Fs relationships, only SACA 6396 in Celtic Sea and Southern North Sea + SACA 3853 in Southern North Sea would be out of HWE.\
\
Date: 5/26/2020\
Ingo J. Timm et. al (2012) Conserv Genet 13:693\'96706 ; Had to obtain coordinates using Google maps since only specific site names were mentioned in the paper. For multiple sites, I picked a point between the sites and used them for my coordinates. The sites are (Samalona, Barranglompo, Barrangcaddi) & (Kapoposang, Suranti).\
The rest of the sites required me to pick a point since it varied between multiple island clusters or an entire town. For both cases, I picked coordinates located in the middle of the clusters of islands or town. For the Batam site, instead of locus 45, it is a monomorph causing there to be no data obtained for this specific locus in this location.\
\
M. A. Tripp-Valdez et. al. (2012) J. Appl. Ichthyol. 28 , 516\'96523; There were no problems with extracting data from this paper\
\
Cemal Turan (2015) Biochemical Systematics and Ecology 63 174e182 ; Had to negate some data due to the some being out of Hardy-Winberg Equilibrium. The following He\'92s were not recorded: (Bulgarian Varna Coast- Tth4, Tth06, Tth8), (Black Sea Igneada- Tth4, Tth06, Tth34), (Black Sea Duzce- Tth4, Tth07), (the Black Sea Samsun- Tth4), (the Black Sea Trabzon- Tth4), (Istanbul Bosporus- Tth4), (Marmara Sea Band\uc0\u305 rma- Tth4), (Aegean Sea Izmir- Tth07, Tth34), (North-eastern Mediterranean Sea Antalya Bay- Tth4, Tth06), (North-eastern Mediterranean Sea Iskenderun Bay- Tth4, Tth06), & (Adriatic Sea [Croatian Coast]- Tth06, Tth07)\
\
Date: 5/27/2020\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jim N. Underwood et. al. (2012) Ecology and Evolution, 2: 666-679; Used Google Maps and map of site locations provided in the paper to find the coordinates \
\

\fs22 Alexandra E. Valentin (2014) Fisheries Research 154 102\'96119; 
\fs24 Used Google Maps and map of site locations provided in the paper to find the coordinates for site Bonbay & site sag\
\
Fausto Valenzuela-Quin\uc0\u32 \u771 onez  (2014) ICES Journal of Marine Science 71(7), 1619\'96162; Data provided in the paper was the combination of data collected from multiple sites. Therefore, the site name is called Upper Gulf of California. The four collection sites had <1degree difference with longitude and about 2.5 degree difference with latitude.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Date: 5/28/2020\
Fausto Valenzuela-Quin\uc0\u32 \u771 onez (2014) ICES Journal of Marine Science 71(7), 1619\'96162 (continued); Had to exclude the following loci due to them being out of HWE: Tmac74, Soc442, Soc430\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A.P. Van de Putte (2012) Deep-Sea Research II 59\'9660 199\'96207; Had to exclude the following loci due to them being out of HWE even after the Bonferroni corrections: Site EI (Elan114), SA2 (Elan025 and Elan114), SA3 (Elan001 and Elan025), LS062 (Elan025 and Elan114), BW3 (Elan025 and Elan114)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Anton P. Van de Putte (2012) Marine Genomics 8 23\'9634; The sites Cape Armitage and Cape Roberts may have been mislabelled in the papers map. Therefore, I used the coordinates I found on google maps for each site rather than using the paper\'92s labelled sites to pick my coordinates. The rest of the sites were labelled correctly when comparing the paper\'92s labelled sites and site locations in google maps. Due to there being data that was not in HWE, I have refrained from inputing the following data in the spreadsheet: For 
\f1\i Trematomus newnesi- 
\f0\i0 Site SO (Trne035 and Trne066), Site TA1 (Trne035). Due to possible mislabelling in the table, it is possible that the following are monomorphs due to the data provided and was also excluded: For 
\f1\i Trematomus bernacchii
\f0\i0 -  Site DI (Trne055), Site EI (Trne055), Site JI (Trne055) and Site SO (Trne055). Due to possible mislabelling in the paper\'92s map, site Casey (CS) could vary by 4 degrees longitudinal wise. Therefore, I decided to not include the data for that site entirely. \
\
Date: 5/29/2020\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Martin H. van der Meer (2012) Conservation Genet Resour 5:363\'96366; Had to exclude 8 out of the 17 loci due to them being out of HWE: Cb4 1B, Cb5 4A, Cb6 1C, Cb7 4B, C10 3A, Cb13 4C, Cb23 3C, Cb30 5B\
\
Martin H. van der Meer et. al. (2012) Conservation Genet Resour 5:363\'96366; Had to exclude the following due to the data being out of HWE: Site ER/Elizabeth Reef (Am4, Am7, Am11, Am18, Am19), Site MR/Middleton Reef (Am4, Am9), Site LHI/Lord Howe Island (Am9), Site LHIL/Lord Howe Island Lagoon (Am1, Am18)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Martin H. van der Meer et. al. Ecology and Evolution 2013; 3(6): 1653\'96 1666; Had to exclude the following due to the data being out of HWE: Site ER/Elizabeth Reef (Ct4. Ct23, Ct24), Site MR/Middleton Reef (Ct4, Ct16), Site LHI/Lord How\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Kanako Ueno et. al. (2013) Conservation Genet Resour 5:659\'96662; Excluded the data for locus Silj14 as it shows that there was significant departure from HWE after Bonferroni correction for Ho.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Carolina Vargas-Caro et. al. (2017) PLoS ONE 12(2): e0172255; Due to the markers original tested in Sillago japonica, the CrossSsp for S. Japonica is recorded as 0 while the CrossSsp for Z. chilensis is 1. }